but no
in terms of youtube tutorial
minecraft xbox 360 or playstation 3 for
make a junkie cannon like that is a
Anvil cannon is if you do not know what
they are the anvil after in our things
like iron that what it does is
repair your tool rename or put
enchantments not because it is very useful
it's survival what we 're going to do is
jong cannon that is it can be
deadly if you hit someone from
your friends and then at the same time to
impress them or something like that myself
here I made a scale of how far
the anvil would arrive because it is a scale
something
says something true to say it right now
that the more you've gotten me the more
something has come to me and although it is up to
this point
after this point I have not reached more
away for more tests I've done
he regularly arrives as here or
regularly it arrives as over there no longer
is basically a question of luck and
tricks we have and although they do know that
there are times that it works sometimes there are not
so good let's start as they will
mind here is my cannon my pipes and
all good, well, I'll give it to the
button I hope you have the tnt
explode works the anvil and like him
it shoots out the but as it was left
in this area which is not so far
but as I had told you before the most
that has arrived is not there as well as
now let's try but putting the the
anvil and looking over there not so not
as I had told you have these tricks
so there are times that it goes further if
we put it like that there are times when more
far from the other side but as it has been
said has those tricks yes good what
we press the button once again let's wait
that the lieutenant exploded then low there
piston and point as you see there goes out
shot of the anvil that as you see now
we did not get that far
as I told them it's a matter of luck
and several attempts to get them
a brand like mine not so good
we go with the tutorial so good the
materials that we need are redstone
a reddish torch and stick several
repeaters a piston several anvils
several blocks of dynamite and the material
with which they are going to build their cannon
A bucket of water and a button is everything
what do you need so now first thing
what are we going to have to do is with
our knowing material we are going to do
something like a like a row of three
blocks and from this row three
blocks we're going to go straight eight
blocks like that 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 then
we count two blocks and the second
we do the same not the 28 blocks like that
some since we have done this we are going to
put the bucket of water in the first
block then how will he realize
or the water goes down but it does not go from where
we put our blocks one has
done and done this what not to do
is that they are going to put a block without
indicate that below this block there is no
we have to put in the same time
here we are going to put a button
it is already a matter of you if you want
decorate a little bit if you want to put
some kind of ones or something like that so that
see that the water is always
running and current as it will be done in
how much water is seen here and that was
what I did then once this was done
we are going to put remains on this side
from here all the eight blocks of law of
left or they can make the
right and what's next on the other side
then what we're going to do is we're going to
do the same of the eight blocks but
leaving one in between then like
come we leave a block in half and then
we are going to go another eight blocks not
until here once this is done we are going to
put redstone to the right of the button a
repeater in four tips tics sorry or
tips then another of the redstone and we're going to
put this whole row full of
repeaters in four tips tbp tips no
fuck tics
make sure everyone is in four
ticks because if not it will not work and
Well, not the pointer that will not come out
well so to know that all all
all be in four tics once done
this what not to do is that they will go up
a block like that with wool then they will go up
another block but this time watching for
this side to the left and they go to
put 2
what follows now we expose xonaca network
oops network are I said no network torch
are here and we are going to put here a
arrest torch will have something left
well and then last we put what
out a piston as you will realize
we already have our cannon done is
quite simple and quite so useful the
really good the useful because they are not so
useful but they can cheat their friends not
I know of trolling them though I tell them not to
always going to fall in the same place
good once they have built their
cannon are simply going to put tnt in
all this side do not put under that
block because if you are not going to go the
water and we put an anvil either watching
for here or seeing there not for there
for the horizon for either as
you prefer to put it in the brand
that I did farther anvil had put
so I say but like that but well days
They know they are tricks the anvil has
so once we had already
built we give a bach we make sure
that options left in the options of
I play this dynamite exploded
we give the button and we will wait for our
brand we do not have
and wait and how they will find out is evo
I see right now ugly I do not know why it looks
so ugly but that does not usually happen
let's try one last time you know
that there are epic fail sometimes in the
videos and then this is one of them
as we wait a moment and when it has
latent explode as they will realize the
Anvil will fly out this time
our brand did not get that far
but it is something
it's something I do not know is something distant from what
outside the canyon and then we're going to mark there
our marquita to see if we have
another opportunity or another chance that
our our juncker arrive more
away so good we grabbed the
dynamite we grab option that is and
we do the same again now
let's do it with the anvil watching for that
side to see how far it goes we're going to
put tnt
and then let's activate the button let's
expect the lieutenant to explode as
nobody takes a little bit and it exploded wow
as they will realize just in the same
brand
sometimes it is coincidence that in the same
mark but I tell you that there are times that goes
to get much farther there are others that
will get much less far and then
good as I had told you is
question of luck and tricks of the
ships so good let's go with the
third released the third and last to
that this video does not last as long we are going to
activate the TNT we just wait and
point
wow as they realize almost in it
mark this time we had a run of almost
the same brand almost three good to
almost three consecutive times this one
will realize that the truth is a matter
so that you will be lucky
if it goes very far and it is that it arrives
closer and the cole had been done is
very lucky and I do not know is
coincidence that he believes in the same place
we will go as they realize this
It went much further than good
we did this last test because if not
it solves us proved this I say about
ten blocks or maybe further
of the other brand as they will realize
went much farther than the other brand
and as I said and I'll go back to
repeat a thousand and one times is a matter of
luck and then I do not know it's not like
put the anvil because the anvil like
put it going to always be the same but
Well , you know it's a matter of
coincidence coincidence is the word
and well it 's basically all
gentlemen, it's a matter of you
try several times with your cannon cited
there is one that is to see how far
come I do not know if they can improve it with
more have you or something like this
cannon I did not invent it I invented it
very good channel that is called kraft art
the truth is a very good channel very
recommended to be looked for out there
and well, it's not going to promote me or anything
just check this cannon and give it
the credit to him at this time since
it's a cannon I did not take it out of me so
it does not work is basically everything I hope
I liked the tutorial to like it if
you liked the tutorial if you managed to troll
some friend if he could build you and
although comment if you have any questions
you know you're free in the comments
for any to comment any
thing for anything to comment
and that client to watch videos like this
we did done like this with the gentlemen I'm
well i am ene efe not only to all and
until next time